# EESTOKEN
EES is a completely decentralized peer to peer Ecommecre platform built on blockchain, Our goals is to give power to the community members and as well members benefit 80% shares from our ecosystem monthly as dividends. E-Trade EcoSystem allows peer to peer trading of goods and services, each member will have his own estore and can list products and also buy products from our platform, the EES token will be easily converted to fait via our platform using our multipurpose wallet.  With the introduction of EES Stable Gold card once can trade in just a few click, the EES Stable Gold Card  allows more that 15 000 transactions in a second without not network fee, fast transaction , and Secure end to end transactions.  The EES trader in the crypto exchange like binance.. Are rewarded monthly also for being our market markers.   E-Trade in the future will build the first Crypto trade Exchange which will allow to trading of Oil/BTC pairs, Gold/EES pairs, Diamond/ETH, this exchange will trade commodities like oil, gold diamond against Cryptocryptocurrencies.   Further in the future EES will build the first crypto betting club, where Members can predict the future price of cryptocurrencies , valuable asset like (gold, diamond etc), oil and gases. betting will done using EES token only.  50% of the Total Supply of EES token will be lock for 5 - 10years, leaving only 50% as circulatory supply, 10% only will be sold to private investors as shake holders, 10% will be airdropped to community members, 10% will be lock for 1years (Team Token), 20% will be used for bounty, voting, marketing and reward programs.   The EES token will have a limited supply, high scarcity of token, high demand of token, no token can be created in the future.
